Grouping scattered parts into proper sections (#21749)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/css_positioning/understanding_z_index/stacking_context_example_3/index.md

{{CSSRef}}

## Description

> This last example shows problems that arise when mixing several positioned elements in a multi-level HTML hierarchy and when `z-index`es are assigned using class selectors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This last example shows problems that arise when mixing several positioned elements in a multi-level HTML hierarchy and when `z-index` values are assigned using class selectors.
```

Author: :+1:

> Let's take as an example a three-level hierarchical menu made from several positioned `div`s. Second-level and third-level `div`s appear when hovering or clicking on their parents. Usually this kind of menu is script-generated either client-side or server-side, so style rules are assigned with a class selector instead of the id selector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's take as an example a three-level hierarchical menu made from several positioned `div` elements. Second-level and third-level `div` elements appear when a user hovers or clicks on their parents. Usually this kind of menu is script-generated either client-side or server-side, so style rules are assigned with a class selector instead of the id selector.
```

Author: @jpmedley Wow! Thanks for all these helpful suggestions! I will revisit this thread tomorrow and fix the concerned problems. Thanks once again; I really learnt a lot :smile:
